[DOCS-12582] Agentic Onboarding RUM (#32743)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/android/setup.md

## Setup

**Choose your setup method:**

- **[Agentic Onboarding (in Preview)][18]**: Use AI coding agents (Cursor, Claude Code) to automatically instrument your Android application with one prompt. The agent detects your project structure and configures the RUM SDK for you.
- **Manual setup** (below): Follow the step-by-step instructions to manually add and configure the RUM SDK in your Android application.

### Manual setup

> To start sending RUM data from your Android or Android TV application to Datadog, follow the steps below.

Reviewer: Trying to avoid directional terms where possible

```suggestion
To send RUM data from your Android or Android TV application to Datadog, complete the following steps.
```
